We know how to do level
Order traversal
In this problem, we need to find the level order
successor of the given node value
So what we can do is, do the level order
Traversal as usual using queue
And when the current node value is equal to the
given value, we can break out of level order traversal loop
At this te
The current node will be popped out of stack
and it's next node or level order
Successor will be present in the queue as the front
node
For example, if the given key is 40 when we
break out of the loop, the node 40 will be
popped out and the level order successor of 50 will
be present at the front of the queue
So after we break out of the loop, just return
the front node's data that will be level order successor
of the given node
If the data is null, we can return -1
So using this logic you can try to solve the problem.